and david numbered the people who were
and david numbered the people who were with him and set captains of thousands
with him and set captains of thousands
with him and set captains of thousands and captains of hundreds over them then
and captains of hundreds over them then
and captains of hundreds over them then david sent out 1/3 of the people under
david sent out 1/3 of the people under
david sent out 1/3 of the people under the hand of joy 1/3 under the hand of
the hand of joy 1/3 under the hand of
the hand of joy 1/3 under the hand of Abishai
Abishai
Abishai the son of szura iya jo abs brother and
the son of szura iya jo abs brother and
the son of szura iya jo abs brother and 1/3 under the hand of ETA the gibbet I
1/3 under the hand of ETA the gibbet I
1/3 under the hand of ETA the gibbet I also will surely go out with you myself
also will surely go out with you myself
also will surely go out with you myself but the people answered you shall not go
but the people answered you shall not go
but the people answered you shall not go out for if we flee away they will not
out for if we flee away they will not
out for if we flee away they will not care about us nor if half of us die will
care about us nor if half of us die will
care about us nor if half of us die will they care about us but you are worth ten
they care about us but you are worth ten
they care about us but you are worth ten thousand of us now for you are now more
thousand of us now for you are now more
thousand of us now for you are now more help to us in the city whatever seems
help to us in the city whatever seems
help to us in the city whatever seems best to you I will do so the King stood
best to you I will do so the King stood
best to you I will do so the King stood beside the gate and all the people went
beside the gate and all the people went
beside the gate and all the people went out by hundreds and by thousands our
out by hundreds and by thousands our
out by hundreds and by thousands our King had commanded Joab Abishai and
King had commanded Joab Abishai and
King had commanded Joab Abishai and ittai I deal gently for my sake with the
ittai I deal gently for my sake with the
ittai I deal gently for my sake with the young man Absalom and all the people
young man Absalom and all the people
young man Absalom and all the people heard when the king gave all the
heard when the king gave all the
heard when the king gave all the captain's orders concerning Absalom so
captain's orders concerning Absalom so
captain's orders concerning Absalom so the people went out into the field of
the people went out into the field of
the people went out into the field of battle against Israel and the battle was
battle against Israel and the battle was
battle against Israel and the battle was in the woods of ether people of Israel
in the woods of ether people of Israel
in the woods of ether people of Israel were overthrown there before the
were overthrown there before the
were overthrown there before the servants of David
servants of David
servants of David and a great slaughter of 20,000 and took
and a great slaughter of 20,000 and took
and a great slaughter of 20,000 and took place there that day for the battle
place there that day for the battle
place there that day for the battle there was scattered over the face of the
there was scattered over the face of the
there was scattered over the face of the whole countryside and the woods devoured
whole countryside and the woods devoured
whole countryside and the woods devoured more people that day than the sword
more people that day than the sword
more people that day than the sword devoured them
devoured them
devoured them Absalom met the servants of David
Absalom met the servants of David
Absalom met the servants of David Absalom
Absalom
Absalom rode on a mule the mule went under the
rode on a mule the mule went under the
rode on a mule the mule went under the thick boughs of a great terebinth tree
thick boughs of a great terebinth tree
thick boughs of a great terebinth tree and his head caught in the cherubim so
and his head caught in the cherubim so
and his head caught in the cherubim so he was left hanging between heaven and
he was left hanging between heaven and
he was left hanging between heaven and earth and the mule which was under him
earth and the mule which was under him
earth and the mule which was under him went armed now a certain man saw it and
went armed now a certain man saw it and
went armed now a certain man saw it and told joy I just saw Absalom hanging in a
told joy I just saw Absalom hanging in a
told joy I just saw Absalom hanging in a terebinth tree you just saw him and why
terebinth tree you just saw him and why
terebinth tree you just saw him and why did you not strike him there to the
did you not strike him there to the
did you not strike him there to the ground I would have given you ten
ground I would have given you ten
ground I would have given you ten shekels of silver and a belt though I
shekels of silver and a belt though I
shekels of silver and a belt though I were to receive a thousand shekels of
were to receive a thousand shekels of
were to receive a thousand shekels of silver in my hand I would not raise my
silver in my hand I would not raise my
silver in my hand I would not raise my hand against the king's son for in our
hand against the king's son for in our
hand against the king's son for in our hearing the king commanded you and
hearing the king commanded you and
hearing the king commanded you and Abishai and ittai I saying beware lest
Abishai and ittai I saying beware lest
Abishai and ittai I saying beware lest anyone touched the young man Absalom
anyone touched the young man Absalom
anyone touched the young man Absalom otherwise I would have dealt falsely
otherwise I would have dealt falsely
otherwise I would have dealt falsely against my own life for there is nothing
against my own life for there is nothing
against my own life for there is nothing hidden from the king and you yourself
hidden from the king and you yourself
hidden from the king and you yourself would have set yourself against me I
would have set yourself against me I
would have set yourself against me I cannot linger with you and he took three
cannot linger with you and he took three
cannot linger with you and he took three Spears in his hand thrust them through
Spears in his hand thrust them through
Spears in his hand thrust them through Absalom's heart
Absalom's heart
Absalom's heart while he was still alive in the midst of
while he was still alive in the midst of
while he was still alive in the midst of the terror industry and ten young men
the terror industry and ten young men
the terror industry and ten young men who bore Joab Zama
who bore Joab Zama
who bore Joab Zama surrounded Absalom and struck so Joab
surrounded Absalom and struck so Joab
surrounded Absalom and struck so Joab blew the trumpet and the people returned
blew the trumpet and the people returned
blew the trumpet and the people returned from pursuing Israel for Joe I have held
from pursuing Israel for Joe I have held
from pursuing Israel for Joe I have held back the people and they took Absalom
back the people and they took Absalom
back the people and they took Absalom and cast him into a large pit in the
and cast him into a large pit in the
and cast him into a large pit in the would have made a very large heap of
would have made a very large heap of
would have made a very large heap of stones over him
stones over him
stones over him then all Israel fled everyone to his
then all Israel fled everyone to his
then all Israel fled everyone to his tent now Absalom in his lifetime had
tent now Absalom in his lifetime had
tent now Absalom in his lifetime had taken and set up a pillar for himself
taken and set up a pillar for himself
taken and set up a pillar for himself which is in the Kings Valley for he said
which is in the Kings Valley for he said
which is in the Kings Valley for he said I have no son to keep my name in
I have no son to keep my name in
I have no son to keep my name in remembrance he called the pillar after
remembrance he called the pillar after
remembrance he called the pillar after his own name and to this day it is
his own name and to this day it is
his own name and to this day it is called Absalom's monument then him as
called Absalom's monument then him as
called Absalom's monument then him as the son of Zadok said let me run now and
the son of Zadok said let me run now and
the son of Zadok said let me run now and take the news to the king how the Lord
take the news to the king how the Lord
take the news to the king how the Lord has avenged him of his enemies and Joab
has avenged him of his enemies and Joab
has avenged him of his enemies and Joab said to him you shall not take the news
said to him you shall not take the news
said to him you shall not take the news this day for you shall take the news
this day for you shall take the news
this day for you shall take the news another day but today you shall take no
another day but today you shall take no
another day but today you shall take no news
news
news because the king's son is dead then
because the king's son is dead then
because the king's son is dead then Jared said to the queue shite go tell
Jared said to the queue shite go tell
Jared said to the queue shite go tell the King what you have seen so the queue
the King what you have seen so the queue
the King what you have seen so the queue Shrike bowed himself to Joab and ran and
Shrike bowed himself to Joab and ran and
Shrike bowed himself to Joab and ran and a Hema has the son of Zadok said again
a Hema has the son of Zadok said again
a Hema has the son of Zadok said again to Joab but whatever happens please let
to Joab but whatever happens please let
to Joab but whatever happens please let me also run after the queue Scheider why
me also run after the queue Scheider why
me also run after the queue Scheider why will you run my son since you have no
will you run my son since you have no
will you run my son since you have no news ready but whatever happens let me
news ready but whatever happens let me
news ready but whatever happens let me run run then a Hamas ran by way of the
run run then a Hamas ran by way of the
run run then a Hamas ran by way of the plane and outran the Kyushu now david
plane and outran the Kyushu now david
plane and outran the Kyushu now david was sitting between the two gates and
was sitting between the two gates and
was sitting between the two gates and the watchman went up to the roof over
the watchman went up to the roof over
the watchman went up to the roof over the gate to the wall lifted his eyes and
the gate to the wall lifted his eyes and
the gate to the wall lifted his eyes and looked and there was a man running alone
looked and there was a man running alone
looked and there was a man running alone then the watchman cried out and told the
then the watchman cried out and told the
then the watchman cried out and told the king and the king said if he is alone
king and the king said if he is alone
king and the king said if he is alone there is news in his mouth and he came
there is news in his mouth and he came
there is news in his mouth and he came rapidly and drew near then the watchman
rapidly and drew near then the watchman
rapidly and drew near then the watchman saw another man running and the watchman
saw another man running and the watchman
saw another man running and the watchman called to the gatekeeper and said there
called to the gatekeeper and said there
called to the gatekeeper and said there is another man running alone he also
is another man running alone he also
is another man running alone he also brings news
brings news
brings news I think the running of the first is like
I think the running of the first is like
I think the running of the first is like the running of a him--as as the son of
the running of a him--as as the son of
the running of a him--as as the son of Zadok he is a good man and comes with
Zadok he is a good man and comes with
Zadok he is a good man and comes with good news so a henna has called out and
good news so a henna has called out and
good news so a henna has called out and said to the king all is well and he
said to the king all is well and he
said to the king all is well and he bowed down with his face to the earth
bowed down with his face to the earth
bowed down with his face to the earth before the king blessed be the Lord your
before the king blessed be the Lord your
before the king blessed be the Lord your God who has delivered up the men who
God who has delivered up the men who
God who has delivered up the men who raised their hand against my lord the
raised their hand against my lord the
raised their hand against my lord the king is the young man Absalom safe
when Joab sent the Kings servant and me
when Joab sent the Kings servant and me your servant I saw a great tumult but I
your servant I saw a great tumult but I
your servant I saw a great tumult but I did not know what it was about turn
did not know what it was about turn
did not know what it was about turn aside and stand here so he turned aside
aside and stand here so he turned aside
aside and stand here so he turned aside and stood still
and stood still
and stood still just then the queue shy came there is
just then the queue shy came there is
just then the queue shy came there is good news my lord the king for the Lord
good news my lord the king for the Lord
good news my lord the king for the Lord has avenged you this day of all those
has avenged you this day of all those
has avenged you this day of all those who rose against you is the young man
who rose against you is the young man
who rose against you is the young man Absalom safe may the enemies of my lord
Absalom safe may the enemies of my lord
Absalom safe may the enemies of my lord the king and all who rise against you to
the king and all who rise against you to
the king and all who rise against you to do harm be like that young man then the
do harm be like that young man then the
do harm be like that young man then the king was deeply moved and went after the
king was deeply moved and went after the
king was deeply moved and went after the chamber over the gate and wept and as he
chamber over the gate and wept and as he
chamber over the gate and wept and as he went he said thus o my son Absalom my
went he said thus o my son Absalom my
went he said thus o my son Absalom my son my son Absalom if only I had died in
son my son Absalom if only I had died in
son my son Absalom if only I had died in your place o Absalom my son my son